NMS-13758: Split database report docs (#3879)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/database-reports/modify-report.adoc

[[ga-database-report-modify-report]]
== Modify existing reports

All default {page-component-title} reports are located in `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/report-templates`.
Each .jrxml file located there can be modified; the changes are applied the next time {page-component-title} creates a report.

> When a subreport has been modified, {page-component-title} will detect a change based on the report's `lastModified` time and will recompile the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a subreport has been modified, {page-component-title} detects a change based on the report's `lastModified` time and recompiles the report.
```
